So the navigation is taking shape,
let's now work on our brand, doesn't really stand out,
does it?
So back to our code,
I want to change its appearance. For that,
it makes sense to give this anchor tag which holds our brand text a new class and this class could
be main-header__brand or just brand, whatever you want to call it.
So it's my main header brand
and with that class added, we can of course use the class in the CSS file to give it some extra styling.
Now from a position perspective, I'll add it after this child combinator rule here because that is where
I am working with that div that contains the brand and now in there the question just is, how do we style
that brand?
Well, let's say we want to remove that underlining we have there by default,
let's say we want to change the color and maybe also the font weight,
the boldness, turn this to bold text here, that this is bold.
We can do all these things
and let's start with the color. For the color,
I prepared another darker green which is #0e4f1f as a hex code,
if we save that, we got this green color. Now the text decoration is still is ugly,
so this underlining and we can remove it by adding the text minus decoration property and setting it
to none.
By that, we clear that default style which is set by the browser by the way in case you're wondering,
you can always check that here, text decoration underline is a browser default.
If you now reload this, it's gone because we overwrite it with our own rule
and now let's make this a bit bolder
and for that, I'll add a font weight of bold.
Now since we use our default font here which is Monserrat and we're importing a bold version of that
font here, we can use that and bold will work.
So with that if we go back and reload, now we got a bold font. This also increase the size of it, so our
other items jump into a new line,
so since we have that hacky approach right now, let's quickly fix that.
We're finding out the width of that, it only increased by a little bit,
so we should be fine if we deduct 55 from 100% for main-nav and we are
and now with that, we got our nicer looking brand.
Maybe we also increase the font size which will require us to adjust this again
but let's first of all increase it,
let's set the font size maybe to 22 pixels or something like that.
If we reload again, jumps into a new line,
so if we again inspect that, it's now 69 roughly,
so deducting 74, you can always add like 5 to the value you see on the page, should do the trick
and it does.
So now we got this brand set up here.
Now one thing you might notice is that this is not aligned in the middle perfectly anymore.
The brand actually looks good because this font size, this height of the brand actually sets the height
of the entire header so to say
but the other text here on the right which is smaller because we don't use font size 22 pixels there,
actually is now aligned to the bottom of the first word, of the brand.
This can be the behavior you want but here, it actually isn't.
There is another property we can use, we can add it on our nav inline block element,
so the element which sits next to our div holding the brand.
Let's add it inline here so that we can immediately see the effect,
it's called vertical align and we can set it to middle.
Now we need to set it on both elements that should be aligned though, not just on the nav but also on
the div.
If we also set middle there,
now the div here and the nav should be aligned to each other in their middles.
Now of course we don't want to do that just in the browser,
we want to do that in our code,
so let's target this div and let's say set vertical align middle here,
so that's the div holding our brand
and let's do the same for main nav of course,
so for main nav, I'll also set vertical align to middle. With these two changes in place,
if we now reload,
now this is aligned in the middle again,
cool.
So now we can continue working on these links on the right
and this is another challenge for you.
Let's dive into it in the next video.